"Emotional intelligence is the ability to sense, understand, and effectively apply the power of emotions as a source of human energy, information, connection, and influence." - Robert K. Cooper
"When awareness is brought to an emotion, power is brought to your intelligence." - Tara Meyer Robson
"The greatest ability in business is to get along with others and to influence their actions." - John Hancock
"Emotions can get in the way or get you on the way." - Mavis Mazhura
"It’s not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change." - Charles Darwin
"Self-awareness is not self-centeredness, and spirituality is not narcissism. Know thyself is not a narcissistic pursuit." - Marianne Williamson
"Emotional intelligence is the key to personal and professional success." - Daniel Goleman
"People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude." - John C. Maxwell
"The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence." - Jiddu Krishnamurti
"You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn to surf." - Jon Kabat-Zinn
"The emotion that can break your heart is sometimes the very one that heals it." - Nicholas Sparks
"It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"Empathy is seeing with the eyes of another, listening with the ears of another, and feeling with the heart of another." - Alfred Adler
"Before you speak, let your words pass through three gates: Is it true? Is it necessary? Is it kind?" - Rumi
"Emotional intelligence is the cornerstone of leadership." - Daniel Goleman
"The ability to manage yourself is the ultimate competitive advantage." - Dan Goleman
"Self-control is strength. Right thought is mastery. Calmness is power." - James Allen
"Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"Soft skills get little respect, but they will make or break your career." - Peggy Klaus
"People don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn’t said." - Peter Drucker
"Leadership is not domination, but the art of persuading people to work toward a common goal." - Daniel Goleman
"Emotions are contagious. Choose wisely what you radiate." - Anonymous
"Listening is an art that requires attention over talent, spirit over ego, and others over self." - Dean Jackson
"To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Conflict is inevitable, but combat is optional." - Max Lucado
"Understanding your emotions and the emotions of others is a key to success." - Travis Bradberry
"Your EQ is more important than your IQ in determining success." - Daniel Goleman
"We are disturbed not by events, but by the view we take of them." - Epictetus
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." - John C. Maxwell
"Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes." - Roy T. Bennett
"Nothing will work unless you do." - Maya Angelou
"Soft skills open doors that hard skills cannot." - Joel Comm
"Awareness is like the sun. When it shines on things, they are transformed." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"True leadership lies in guiding others to success." - Bill Owens
"Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing." - Warren Bennis
"Emotional intelligence is seeing the world from someone else’s perspective." - Daniel Goleman
"You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond." - Roy T. Bennett
"Emotions are not problems to be solved. They are signals to be interpreted." - Vironika Tugaleva
"Self-awareness is the ability to take an honest look at your life without any attachment to it being right or wrong." - Debbie Ford
"Leadership is not about being in charge. It's about taking care of those in your charge." - Simon Sinek
"The art of communication is the language of leadership." - James Humes